docs: fix Sail installation instructions in README (#1337)
riscv-non-isa/riscv-arch-test: README.md

To install the sail model:

> [!NOTE]
> Replace `/path/to/intall` with your desired directory location
>this should match the directory used for the `riscv-gnu-toolchain` so both tools share the same `bin` folder.
```bash
curl --location https://github.com/riscv/sail-riscv/releases/download/0.10/sail-riscv-$(uname)-$(arch).tar.gz | sudo tar xvz --directory=/path/to/install --strip-components=1
```

Add `/path/to/install/bin` to your `PATH` if you used a different directory than for the `riscv-gnu-toolchain`.
```bash
`curl --location <url> | tar xvz --directory=$HOME/riscv/ --strip-components=1`
```

> [!NOTE]

> > If you don't have sudo access, you can extract the Sail model into your home directory by specifying a local path using the command above.

Reviewer: Revert this change. The extra command should still be in the note. Otherwise it is not clear what that command is for.

To install the sail model:

> [!NOTE]
> Replace `/path/to/intall` with your desired directory location

> >this should match the directory used for the `riscv-gnu-toolchain` so both tools share the same `bin` folder.

Reviewer: Let’s put the note after the command to be consistent with the gcc install.

Author: yesssssss

Reviewer: This comment still needs to be resolved. Let's move this note about replacing `path/to/install` right after the curl command to download the sail model that is on the next line.

```bash
curl --location https://github.com/riscv/sail-riscv/releases/download/0.10/sail-riscv-$(uname)-$(arch).tar.gz | sudo tar xvz --directory=/path/to/install --strip-components=1
```
> [!NOTE]
> Replace `/path/to/intall` with your desired directory location

> >this should match the directory used for the `riscv-gnu-toolchain` so both tools share the same `bin` folder.

Reviewer: We provide instructions right below this on what to do if you use a different path (and there are several good reasons for using different paths, especially with CI), so I'd rather something like this.

```suggestion
> Replace `/path/to/intall` with your desired directory location.
> This is simpler if it matches the directory used for the `riscv-gnu-toolchain` so both tools share the same `bin` folder.
```

```bash
curl --location https://github.com/riscv/sail-riscv/releases/download/0.10/sail-riscv-$(uname)-$(arch).tar.gz | sudo tar xvz --directory=/path/to/install --strip-components=1
```
> [!NOTE]
> Replace `/path/to/intall` with your desired directory location
>this should match the directory used for the `riscv-gnu-toolchain` so both tools share the same `bin` folder.

Add `/path/to/install/bin` to your `PATH` if you used a different directory than for the `riscv-gnu-toolchain`.
```bash
`curl --location <url> | tar xvz --directory=$HOME/riscv/ --strip-components=1`

> ```

Reviewer: Why is this command being added twice? Here and also two lines below. Drop this one and just keep the one below.

Author: just deleted the upper comment but i feel like 2 notes coming back to back feels a bit awkward, please let me know what can i change
